Good evening everyone. 
Welcome to Ignite Taipei 2. 
I am really honored to see so many people here tonight.
Before we being
I would like to demonstrate an Ignite talk
Let・s go!
So to let everyone know what Ignite is



I am your host tonight. 
I am Tifi.
I am English major in Fu Jen University
Nice to meet you all
Now allow me to introduce you Ignite Taipei
First, our slogan is:
Enlighten us, but make it quick.
We want to be inspired instantly. 
If anyone is not familiar with the word ．ignite・
It means to light up fire
We want to light up your inspiration instantly
Many people have asked me
What is the difference between Ignite and TED?
Don・t they both host many lectures?
Are the lectures different?
Well, does anyone not heard of TED?



The first difference is time control.
An Ignite talk has only 5 minutes.
With 20 Powerpoint slides
Each auto-advance in 15 seconds
So it only takes one evening to host an Ignite event
No matter you like it or not
5 minutes will past fast 
If you like the lectures
Please make good use of the 5 minutes



The second difference is speakers.
Does anybody not know who this person is?
He is Steve Jobs, founder of Apple.
And the person on the right? Anonymous. 
What I want to say is,
Everybody can be a speaker at Ignite.
If you are interested in sharing
You can come up here and speak.



The third difference, topics.
TED focuses mainly on technology, entertainment and design
All those three topics.
But Ignite welcomes all kinds of topics
Such as, how to perform well on tests
Or how to communicate more efficiently
Whatever you like
So Ignite Taipei wants to enlighten people
To inspire people in life
From things they have not expected or experienced before



We organized Ignite in Taipei because
First, we want drinks.
We think people who like beer or coke
Are those who like the relaxed atmosphere
We can have fun and be happy
And attend the event with a good mood



Second, we welcome people from everywhere. 
We want you to join us
Regardless of your age, gender or background 
We give you something if you show up tonight



Third, we want to create connections.
At Ignite, you meet people from different walks of life. 
You brainstorm together and create new thoughts
Thus the connections are formed
And we can get to know more people 



Besides Ignite Taipei, we also have 
Ignite Seattle, Ignite Singapore
I hope you all will attend Ignite Taipei 3 as well!
We will host Ignite event constantly in the future
And the coming up Ignite Taipei 3 in English this December
Ignite Taipei 2 in Chinese
We had Ignite Taipei 1 in English this June 
Last, Ignite Taipei is special because 
We have both English and Chinese versions 
Ignite is everywhere
So you have a lot of opportunities to see Ignite



Before Ignite Taipei starts
I would like to remind you to 
Switch your phones to vibration mode
And to speak at low volume 
Please follow the above two requirements 
And, please watch your little matches
Once you hear something interesting or fresh
Light them up
To have a flame, and make it into a big fire
You can contact us by this email address
If you are interested in being a speaker to share
Send us an email 
And we also welcome your advice 
So, nice meeting you all tonight
We are the organizers tonight
Thank you for coming, have a great night! 
Thank you!
